Start Time:  1540243036.45
Retrieving list of stopwords...
Reading Input JSON...
Done loading json!
Length:  236
End Time:  4.84953904152
Merging Results...
Done merging results...
Final Summary
 seeking a ph.d. in exploitative ad-tech cambridge analytica llcthe us company which will henceforth be referred to as ca or cambanalhas garnered a large amount of public interest over the last year and a half for its use of big data in elections, just like rebekah mercer wanted. catching up to the present tension steve bannonthe current white house chief strategist who still attends national security council meetings, as of this articles publication datehas owned at least a hefty chunk of cambridge analytica llc, the facebook-powered, international military psyops-based, mercer-funded, microsoft-enabled, finance-loopholed, amazon-trained, far-right-affiliated, foreign-born, algorithmic-advertising-driven media machine which participated in both the victorious brexit and donald trump campaigns. the company, scl elections, went on to be bought by robert mercer, a secretive hedge fund billionaire, renamed cambridge analytica, and achieved a certain notoriety as the data analytics firm that played a role in both trump and brexit campaigns. that led to the second article featuring cambridge analytica  as a central node in the alternative news and information network that i believed robert mercer and steve bannon, the key trump aide who is now his chief strategist, were creating. at 24, he came up with an idea that led to the foundation of a company called cambridge analytica, a data analytics firm that went on to claim a major role in the leave campaign for britains eu membership referendum, and later became a key figure in digital operations during donald trumps election campaign. the basic story as reported is as follows: a shady uk data analytics company, with the help of a 24 year old tech genius developed an innovative technique to hack facebook and steal 50 million user profiles. but these are very different things.(*changed term as per convincing suggestion provided in the responses.) the importance of this second point becomes apparent when you read exchanges like this one: simon milner, facebooks uk policy director, when asked if cambridge analytica had facebook data, told mps: no. (at some point in the past year, the company began hiding previously produced success stories about its ability to sway election results.) the vote leave campaign in the 2016 brexit referendum went on to spend almost its entire budget on facebook advertising, an investment that resulted in about 1bn targeted digital ads being served to voters over the course of a 10-week campaign. this login and allow process is the method by which you ask services like facebook to share your data with a 3rd party app so that it can give you some kind of new user experience or value. cambridge analyticas ransacking of millions of facebook users data has triggered a backlash against the social network  and highlighted how much personal information we share without thinking of the consequences faced with its first true crisis, the company is paralysed with fear. the guardian view on big tech: a new era needs new rules | editorial read more the 50m profiles harvested from facebook by a cambridge analytica partner under the guise of research are a huge data store, but they pale in comparison with the amount of information the company holds on its own users. executives at cambridge analytica, a political data firm that worked on digital ads for president donald trump's 2016 election campaign, were caught on camera suggesting that the firm could use sex workers, bribes, ex-spies and fake news to help candidates win votes around the world, a new investigation has revealed. composite: guardian design team before facebook suspended aleksandr kogan from its platform for the data harvesting scam at the centre of the unfolding cambridge analytica scandal, the social media company enjoyed a close enough relationship with the researcher that it provided him with an anonymised, aggregate dataset of 57bn facebook friendships. the companys stock market stocks woes continued on tuesday, as the share price dropped 3.5% to drop to around 17% below last months all-time high, the inquiries followed revelations of how data from facebook was deployed by cambridge analytica (ca) without users consent, and of boasts by ca to undercover reporters about the role it could play in political campaigns. language alone lets researchers predict a subject's gender 80 percent of the time when combined with rich data about someone's feelings about provocative societal issues  like immigration, war, and gun-control  an electioneering company like cambridge analytica can determine whom to target with social media ads, and how. cambridge analytica harvested information from 50 million facebook users through an external app in 2015, according to wylie, who worked there at the time.
