Start Time:  1540243263.35
Retrieving list of stopwords...
Reading Input JSON...
Done loading json!
Length:  949
End Time:  16.7649900913
Merging Results...
Done merging results...
Final Summary
 the data firm suspended its chief executive, alexander nix (pictured), after recordings emerged of him making a series of controversial claims, including boasts that cambridge analytica had a pivotal role in the election of donald trump this meant the company was able to mine the information of 87 million facebook users even though just 270,000 people gave them permission to do so. and now, thanks to a whistleblower and two stunning reports in the observer and the new york times, we know that one of those developers siphoned data on more than 50 million facebook users and shared them with the trump campaigns voter targeting firm, cambridge analyticaa company that has bragged it has psychological profiles on 230 million american voters, which it uses to target people online with emotionally precise digital messaging to influence elections. the demands came in response to news reports saturday about how the firm, cambridge analytica, used a feature once available to facebook app developers to collect information on 270,000 people and, in the process, gain access to data on tens of millions of their facebook friends  few, if any, of whom had given explicit permission for this sharing. share cambridge analytica, a data analysis firm that worked on president trump's 2016 campaign, and its related company, strategic communications laboratories, pilfered data on 50 million facebook users and secretly kept it, according to reports in the new york times, alongside the guardian and the observer. executives at cambridge analytica, a political data firm that worked on digital ads for president donald trump's 2016 election campaign, were caught on camera suggesting that the firm could use sex workers, bribes, ex-spies and fake news to help candidates win votes around the world, a new investigation has revealed. it's the latest fallout from a controversy involving cambridge analytics, a company that reportedly bought data obtained by facebook and used it to create voter profiles which were then reportedly shared with the trump and pro-brexit campaigns 6:53 "recent media reports regarding the use of personal information posted on facebook for political purposes raise serious privacy concerns," privacy commissioner daniel therrien said in the statement. on friday night, as americans began settling into the weekend, facebook dropped a pretty substantial piece of news: the company said in a detailed blog post that it had suspended from its platform the political-data firm cambridge analytica, which worked with the trump campaign during the 2016 election, after learning the company hadnt deleted facebook user data it had obtained in violation of the social networks policies. san francisco  facebook has suspended cambridge analytica as it investigates whether the donald trump-connected data analysis firm failed to delete personal data that the social network says it improperly obtained from users  as many as 50 million, according to an explosive new report. (steven senne/associated press) now that facebook, google and amazon know pretty much everything about us, how they're using that information is drawing the focus of politicians throughout the western world, asking in effect: "shouldn't something be done about this?" revelations that u.k.-based cambridge analytica apparently used data from more than 50 million facebook accounts to try to influence the 2016 u.s. presidential election in favour of donald trump have sparked criticism over how the giant social networking company protects its users' data. march 17: one day after facebook announced it had suspended cambridge analytica for improper access to user data, the new york times and the observer said the political consultancy had access to 50 million profiles and used them to target ads during the 2016 election. to ensure that they were satisfied that we had not knowingly breached any of facebook's terms of service.' (pedro nunes/reuters) related stories the massachusetts attorney general said on saturday her office was launching an investigation after reports that cambridge analytica had harvested private information from more than 50 million facebook users in developing techniques to support u.s. president donald trump's 2016 election campaign. grewal said that the social networking giant learned earlier in the week that london-based cambridge analytica, used by campaigns to strategically target personalized political messages, and its parent company strategic communication laboratories (scl), had misused data collected on 270,000 facebook users. "whether it's allowing russians to purchase political ads, or extensive micro-targeting based on ill-gotten user data, it's clear that, left unregulated, this market will continue to be prone to deception and lacking in transparency." facebooks announcement on friday focused on how people affiliated with cambridge analytica had violated policies of the social media platform.
