Start Time:  1540242986.2
Retrieving list of stopwords...
Reading Input JSON...
Done loading json!
Length:  567
End Time:  11.1008429527
Merging Results...
Done merging results...
Final Summary
 i mean you wouldn't take a staff member here on your show representing me.' 'he needs to come testify before congress and explain how they're going to work with us to both protect privacy; there are 50 million facebook accounts that were used by this sketchy firm, cambridge analytica, and how we're going to make sure it doesn't happen again in terms of weaponization of these social media platforms.' emma kennedy tweeted that she had found that facebook had recorded 'every single phone number in my contacts zuckerberg's mea culpa comes after a terrible week for the social media giant, which saw its shares fall 13 percent to below $160 - the company's worst week in the stock market since july 2012. in an interview tuesday with the washington post at his lawyers london office, wylie said that bannon  while he was a top executive at cambridge analytica and head of breitbart news  was deeply involved in the companys strategy and approved spending nearly $1 million to acquire data, including facebook profiles, in 2014. the data firm suspended its chief executive, alexander nix (pictured), after recordings emerged of him making a series of controversial claims, including boasts that cambridge analytica had a pivotal role in the election of donald trump this meant the company was able to mine the information of 87 million facebook users even though just 270,000 people gave them permission to do so. the demands came in response to news reports saturday about how the firm, cambridge analytica, used a feature once available to facebook app developers to collect information on 270,000 people and, in the process, gain access to data on tens of millions of their facebook friends  few, if any, of whom had given explicit permission for this sharing. posted by scott boykin a legal but uninformed vote- people need to learn to check whatever resources they are using- and do so using an email account reserved solely for that purpose, otherwise google and bing will tailor responses to what the user "likes" if not, russia or any other hostile nation will continue to manipulate the voters in ways detrimental to our country scott boykinmar 19, 2018 its interesting that the media sees this as a big issue, when the tillis campaign used it to make phone calls to potential voters... the facebook blog post, written by deputy general counsel paul grewal, cited the 'public prominence' of cambridge analytica, called the alleged data retention an 'unacceptable violation of trust' and said the social network will take legal action if necessary to hold all parties 'responsible and accountable for any unlawful behavior.' cambridge analytica is still probably best known for its political work during the 2016 u.s. presidential campaign. what nix didnt say during his tense interview with forbes, and what has transpired over the weekend from reports in the observer and the new york times, is that cambridge analytica had siphoned profile data from more than 50 million users of facebook, in most cases without their knowledge, ahead of its work on trumps campaign. share cambridge analytica, a data analysis firm that worked on president trump's 2016 campaign, and its related company, strategic communications laboratories, pilfered data on 50 million facebook users and secretly kept it, according to reports in the new york times, alongside the guardian and the observer. executives at cambridge analytica, a political data firm that worked on digital ads for president donald trump's 2016 election campaign, were caught on camera suggesting that the firm could use sex workers, bribes, ex-spies and fake news to help candidates win votes around the world, a new investigation has revealed. san francisco  facebook has suspended cambridge analytica as it investigates whether the donald trump-connected data analysis firm failed to delete personal data that the social network says it improperly obtained from users  as many as 50 million, according to an explosive new report. cambridge analytica, a political data firm hired by president trumps 2016 election campaign, gained access to private information on more than 50 million facebook users. march 17: one day after facebook announced it had suspended cambridge analytica for improper access to user data, the new york times and the observer said the political consultancy had access to 50 million profiles and used them to target ads during the 2016 election. facebook on sunday faced a backlash about how it protects user data, as american and british lawmakers demanded that it explain how a political data firm with links to president trumps 2016 campaign was able to harvest private information from more than 50 million facebook profiles without the social networks alerting users.
