Start Time:  1540242736.11
Retrieving list of stopwords...
Reading Input JSON...
Done loading json!
Length:  1277
End Time:  31.4713468552
Merging Results...
Done merging results...
Final Summary
 the data firm suspended its chief executive, alexander nix (pictured), after recordings emerged of him making a series of controversial claims, including boasts that cambridge analytica had a pivotal role in the election of donald trump this meant the company was able to mine the information of 87 million facebook users even though just 270,000 people gave them permission to do so. and now, thanks to a whistleblower and two stunning reports in the observer and the new york times, we know that one of those developers siphoned data on more than 50 million facebook users and shared them with the trump campaigns voter targeting firm, cambridge analyticaa company that has bragged it has psychological profiles on 230 million american voters, which it uses to target people online with emotionally precise digital messaging to influence elections. the demands came in response to news reports saturday about how the firm, cambridge analytica, used a feature once available to facebook app developers to collect information on 270,000 people and, in the process, gain access to data on tens of millions of their facebook friends  few, if any, of whom had given explicit permission for this sharing. share cambridge analytica, a data analysis firm that worked on president trump's 2016 campaign, and its related company, strategic communications laboratories, pilfered data on 50 million facebook users and secretly kept it, according to reports in the new york times, alongside the guardian and the observer. it's the latest fallout from a controversy involving cambridge analytics, a company that reportedly bought data obtained by facebook and used it to create voter profiles which were then reportedly shared with the trump and pro-brexit campaigns 6:53 "recent media reports regarding the use of personal information posted on facebook for political purposes raise serious privacy concerns," privacy commissioner daniel therrien said in the statement. on friday night, as americans began settling into the weekend, facebook dropped a pretty substantial piece of news: the company said in a detailed blog post that it had suspended from its platform the political-data firm cambridge analytica, which worked with the trump campaign during the 2016 election, after learning the company hadnt deleted facebook user data it had obtained in violation of the social networks policies. san francisco  facebook has suspended cambridge analytica as it investigates whether the donald trump-connected data analysis firm failed to delete personal data that the social network says it improperly obtained from users  as many as 50 million, according to an explosive new report. over the weekend, the new york times and the observer of london posted a blockbuster investigative piece revealing that cambridge analytica, the firm brought on by the trump campaign to target voters online, used the data of tens of millions of people obtained from facebook without proper disclosures or permission. carol davidsen, who worked as the media director at obama for america, claimed obama campaign mined millions of people's information from facebook she said that facebook was surprised at the ease with which they were able to 'suck out the whole social graph' but the firm never tried to stop them when they realized what was doing, and even told them they'd made a special exception for them they 'were very candid that they allowed us to do things they wouldn't have allowed someone else to do because they were on our side,' she tweeted davidsen said that she felt the project was 'creepy' - 'even though we played by the rules, and didn't do anything i felt was ugly, with the data' davidsen posted this in the wake of the uproar over cambridge analytica, and their mining of information for the trump campaign facebook allowed the obama campaign to access the personal data of users during the 2012 campaign because they supported the democratic candidate according to a high ranking staffer. while at cambridge university, kogan formed a company in the u.k. called global science research, which created an app called 'thisisyourdigitallife' that offered facebook users personality predictions, in exchange for accessing their personal data on the social network and more limited information about their friends -- including their "likes" -- if their privacy settings allowed it. grewal said that the social networking giant learned earlier in the week that london-based cambridge analytica, used by campaigns to strategically target personalized political messages, and its parent company strategic communication laboratories (scl), had misused data collected on 270,000 facebook users.
